---
title: Blogging Like a Hacker
date: 2023-08-04
---

> New site, who this?

All I want is a simple blog where I can dump some markdown files and display and share them. Github pages is the simple choice for hosting, but it uses Jekyll which in turn has a completely asine [file syntax](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/posts/). Why the fuck can't I simply name my files however I want? Why does the most simple thing have to be complicated for no reason?

_How to fix: Use a collection instead of `_posts`._ (See [SO](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/27099427/jekyll-filename-without-date/68287682#68287682))

¯\\_(ツ)_/¯. Fun. I hope the rest is simpler.

----

Nope, for some reason it doesn't work. And I am both too annoyed and too lazy to chase the error in the `_layouts/home` overwrite.

Idea: I'll just use the date/time slug (Zettelkasten-style!) and then do a table styled similar to the Github activity one where I show how many (or how few) posts/notes/thoughts/writings I publish on a given day.

> Remember: Thoughts are a chaotic feed of free-form information. Any attempt to bring them into form and shape will fail sooner or later. So I am not even trying. Same for titles. Time spent finding a title is time I could write something actually useful. 


----

Besides the obvious reasons to dislike the forced naming of files, it also doesn't solve the problem it wants to solve -- preventing duplicate naming issues! Let's say that you want to create multiple 'posts' a day? Like I do. It is not possible! Instead you would need even more atomic and granular date/time stamps. Anyways, I'll shake my head and move on to do something productive.

----

Oh, another annoyance and the reason I almost gave up on collections: If a file does not contain any frontmatter it won't get processed ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯.

So I have to add the title as frontmatter and (lazy again) set a default frontmatter in my `_config.yml`.

----

It works. Wow. Amazing.
