---
id: "20"
aliases: []
tags: []
date: "2023-08-30T20:32:05 CEST"
title: "The city of rain"
---

This is a city where it always rains, thunders, storms. No moon, no stars, no sun, only grey clounds and rains. Every hour the thunder rings, and people use it for time.

Some people may ask why? Why does it rain? Why does it storm? Why do people live here? And they will find an answer -- wizardry, of course! No one knows when and where and why, but it has to be wizardry. 

Thunder rumbles, lightning lights up the sky. The conversation gets disrupted by the all-compassing sound. And then it passes and people carry on.

No one knows when or why and where. Just that people have been drawn to this city, this forsaken place of earth. No authority, only rain. It washes the streets, cleans our sins, allows for the naval trade to flourish. It sweeps away everything into the depths below, take care not to end in a cult.

People are mad here, rambling mad. It is a city of sin, washed spottless by the rain. And for eveyone who disappears, two new souls enter the city. Sheep, cattle, humans. All the same. No one ever leaves, he whispers. The rain makes you stay.

So why did you come here? Hope, fortune? Escape? There is safety to be had. Comfort in lightning. It warms you, dries you, embraces you. You can sink into the rumbling dark, have it cover you. Wish you a good night.

Yes, I am mad. Too many faces in the dark, even more in the light. It is the lightning. It makes you see. There are no shadows here, no secrets. No darkness. Beware of the men in the rain, don't let them see you. Beware of the clouds, don't let them grab you. Beware of the lightning, don't let it make you see. 

Best if you don't have eyes, then there is nothing to see. Hail the blind! Gouge out the eyes of the living, for they want to die. Only the unseeing can leave, that is the price.

---

The old man slowly stops rambling, retches in his pile of dirt. Thunder rumbles again, make him cover his ears. He has seen too many things, witnessed too many lightnings, too many whispers in the rain. Felt afraid of the clouds too often, saw his shadow move and disappear. Now he is old and part of the city itself, like all the old men. Maybe htere are no old men anymore, only empty shells.

It thunders again and the riders storm forward. Pass the old man and enter the gates. Just a day, just a night, some good rest and they will leave this devil's nest. Lightning burns into the eyes of their mad horses and they dash into the dark.

---

'A place and lodging', coin cling on the table. The barman smiles. There is money here, and food and women. Or men if you prefer. A city without sin. Only business, and business is good.

The men scramble around a table, ask for meat and bread. Water drops onto the stoney floor, forms a small stream and sinks down the drain. Canalisation, a wonder of civilcation. The best in the world, as it always rains.

Gargle, gargle. Sounds can be heard. 'Shh, don't listen too closely.' the barman warns. 'It is the sounds of below.'

'Wha-?', the man wants to ask, but his companion shuts him up with an ellbow to the side. Thunder rumbles and they can hear. Sweet whispers, soft screams. Just follow the stream, just follow the water. Join us, it says. 

The men shudder, it feels cold. Food arrives and fear turns to anger. 'Fuck those Argrims, fuck them so much.', the angriest exclaims, and the others quickly join in. They are a chaotic mess, stranded without leader.

'What is the plan for tomorrow', one asks. 'Fuck if I know', the others reply. 'Eat, rest, gather and leave.' No one wants to stay, it is obvious.

---

The next morning. Seven consecutive rumblings of thunder. 'Where is Dyn?'
