---
date: "2023-08-30T19:33:21 CEST"
title: "P and W"
tags: schreiben
---

'Witch, I have no soul. Can you help me become human?'

The witch smiles and grabs her cup. Carefully blows into, watches the steam.

'Why should I do that?'

'Because you can.'

The witch takes a spoon and starts stirring. The man stands still and quiet. People walk by. A minute passes by, another and yet another. The witch is still stirring, the man still quiet.

'What does it mean to be human?', she finally asks.

'I don't know. I just know that I am none.'

The witch places the cup down, gives the man a glance.

'Why would you want to be human?'

'Because they are happy.'

'Are you not happy?'

'I don't know what happiness is.'

'Yet you want it.'

The witch takes a sip. Shakes her head, stirs another bit.

'Sit down', she commands. 'Order something. A coffee maybe?'

The man carefully takes off his grey coat and sits down. Under it he also wears grey. Grey clothes, grey hair, grey eyes. He orders a cup.

They wait for it to arrive.

'Stir it.', the witch orders. 'Or it won't taste good.'

The man in grey complies.

'Drink it.'

He complies again.

The witch starts to smile.

'This is fun', she says.

The man stays quiet.

A cat walks from somewhere and jumps on an empty chair. Rolls up, takes a nap.

The witch looks at it. The man waits.

'I can't answer that', she finally replies. 'I am a witch, not a human.'

The man nods and gets up.

'That makes sense. Thank you for the coffee.'

He grabs his coat, hesitates, then looks at the witch.

'Can I see you again?'

The witch smiles, nods, replies.

'Make sure to wear something bright.'

