---
date: 2023-08-08
title: Jekyll KISS, pt. II 
---

I have found some more clarity. I have random, unprocessed thoughts, structured notes (often scientific, or about tech and programming) and random pieces I write.

The random, unprocessed thoughts should appear as a feed, a stream, a brain dump. They are also often not very long. They should not require a title (just name the file based on the current timestamp) and then just get displayed in a numbered list, from top to bottom. Likely also transclude their content, because no one will want to navigate to a page that only has 50 words of content. I also won't edit my thoughts. [In general I really love and hate editing. I can spent immense amounts of time on editing -- which is time not spent creating.]

The structured notes will feed into my Zettelkasten system -- or Gedankengarten, garden of thoughts, personal knowledge base/wiki, ... These notes link between each other and are somewhat more _interesting_ than my scattered thoughts. I might give them a blue or purple border/styling. No idea yet. But these are what I call actual content.

Lastly, I have writings. These are what I aspire to produce, these are the meat of the matter. But they rarely happen :( Too bad, world! I likely will also get them their own styling, optimized for reading.

I might show both notes and writings in my feed/stream, but only as title with an expose and word count. And styled more wide. They also have a title.

Lastly (this time for real), I might also show some of my 'art' in the feed. I think it is interesting to see a structured time-line approach of what clouded my mind at which time. But still keep it unordered enough to not require maintenance.
